tidb-lightning: document max-error and duplicate-resolution (#7370)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-configuration.md

# medium, this value might need to be adjusted for optimal performance.
io-concurrency = 5

# maximum number of non-fatal errors to tolerate before stopping Lightning.
# Non-fatal errors are those that are localized to a few rows, and ignoring those rows allows the import process to continue.
# Setting this to N means that Lightning will stop as soon as possible when the (N+1)-th error is encountered.
# The skipped rows will be inserted to tables inside the "task info" schema on the target TiDB, which can be configured below.
max-error = 0

> # task-info-schema-name is the name of the schema/database storing human-readable Lightning execution result.

Reviewer: I think it's not only human-readable but also for programs.

> # task-info-schema-name is the name of the schema/database storing human-readable Lightning execution result.

Author: ```suggestion
# task-info-schema-name is the name of the schema/database storing Lightning execution results.
```

> # maximum number of non-fatal errors to tolerate before stopping Lightning.
> # Non-fatal errors are those that are localized to a few rows, and ignoring those rows allows the import process to continue.
> # Setting this to N means that Lightning will stop as soon as possible when the (N+1)-th error is encountered.
> # The skipped rows will be inserted to tables inside the "task info" schema on the target TiDB, which can be configured below.
> max-error = 0
> # task-info-schema-name is the name of the schema/database storing Lightning execution results.
> # set this to empty string to disable error recording.
> # task-info-schema-name = 'lightning_task_info'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# The maximum number of non-fatal errors to tolerate before stopping TiDB Lightning.
# Non-fatal errors are localized to a few rows, and ignoring those rows allows the import process to continue.
# Setting this to N means that TiDB Lightning will stop as soon as possible when the (N+1)-th error is encountered.
# The skipped rows will be inserted into tables inside the "task info" schema on the target TiDB, which can be configured below.
max-error = 0
# task-info-schema-name is the name of the schema or database that stores TiDB Lightning execution results.
# To disable error recording, set this to an empty string.
# task-info-schema-name = 'lightning_task_info'
```

> # task-info-schema-name = 'lightning_task_info'

Author: 看起来是漏翻了。而且中文还有 meta-schema-name = "lightning_metadata"。我更新下。

> # task-info-schema-name = 'lightning_task_info'

Reviewer 2: Follow-up: To translate this part to Chinese

Author: See PR: https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/8211

#  - ignore: keep the existing entry, and ignore the new entry
#  - error: report error and quit the program
# on-duplicate = "replace"
# Whether to detect and resolve duplicate records (unique key conflict) when the backend is 'local'.
# Current supports three resolution algorithms:
#  - record: only records duplicate records to `lightning_task_info.conflict_error_v1` table on the target TiDB. Note that this
#    required the version of target TiKV version is no less than v5.2.0, otherwise it will fallback to 'none'.
#  - none: doesn't detect duplicate records, which has the best performance of the three algorithms, but probably leads to
#    inconsistent data in the target TiDB.

> #  - remove: records all duplicate records like the 'record' algorithm and remove all duplicate records to ensure a consistent

Reviewer 3: 这段描述确实容易引起歧义，准确来说是 record all duplicate records to task info database 和 remove all duplicate records from the target table。

#  - ignore: keep the existing entry, and ignore the new entry
#  - error: report error and quit the program
# on-duplicate = "replace"
# Whether to detect and resolve duplicate records (unique key conflict) when the backend is 'local'.
# The following resolution algorithms are supported:
#  - record: only records duplicate records to the `lightning_task_info.conflict_error_v1` table on the target TiDB. Note that the
#    required version of the target TiKV is no earlier than v5.2.0; otherwise it falls back to 'none'.
#  - none: does not detect duplicate records, which has the best performance of the three algorithms, but might lead to
#    inconsistent data in the target TiDB.

> #  - remove: records all duplicate records to the lightning_task_info database, like the 'record' algorithm. But it removes all duplicate records from the target table to ensure a consistent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#  - remove: records all duplicate records to the lightning_task_info database, like the 'record' algorithm. But it removes all duplicate records from the target table to ensure a consistent
```
